Support pre and post text in citation targets. (#316)
mcmtroffaes/sphinxcontrib-bibtex: doc/usage.rst

Advanced Features
-----------------

Adding pre-text and post-text to citations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. versionadded:: 2.5.1

> You can add pre-text and post-text to any citation reference using thefollowing syntax:

Author: ```suggestion
You can add pre-text and post-text to any citation reference using the following syntax:
```
